This is an interesting question because I personally feel that the way
you should evaluate a graduate program is maybe slightly different
than the way that you would evaluate an undergraduate program. So when
you're going to an undergraduate program, you know, oftentimes there
are some schools that kind of have a reputation, like, you know,
Ivy League schools. You know, saying I went to Harvard may mean Mawr
than saying I went thio you know, San Diego State. Um, but when you're
in graduate school, it's so much more of a personalized experience.
And in my mind, what really matters is not so much the school that
you went Thio, but who you worked with and what you did. Um, and
the reason that I say this is that I know that the question that I
get asked most frequently by professional people. So people who also,
you know, have PhDs and or maybe in the research world, they don't
say, Where did you go to graduate school? They say, Who did you work
with in graduate school? That's what they want to know. It doesn't
matter where I was. What they want to know is who I was working with.
And so I think that, you know, really, that's where you want to put
your focus is you wanna work with somebody who has a good reputation,
somebody who's sciences strong or whose work is well respected.
Um and I wouldn't worry is much about the actual context of where the
work's occurring. So, you know, is that the University of Nebraska
is that Yale that is less important compared to who are you actually
working with?